General idea: when the NAT device receives the ICMP Error packet, the NAT device
uses the packet embedded within the ICMP Error message to look up the NAT Session to which the embedded packet belongs.
(Using the key words "MUST" and "SHOULD" as described in RFC 5508 termonology)

A) What does a NAT do with inbound ICMP Error messages which do belong to an existing NAT
   session, and why?

    Then the NAT device MUST use the matching NAT Session to translate the embedded packet; which consists of the following:
        -- Revert the IP and transport headers of the embedded IP
           packet to their original form, using the matching mapping;
           and

        -- Leave the ICMP Error type and code unchanged; and

        -- Modify the destination IP address of the outer IP header to
           be same as the source IP address of the embedded packet
           after translation.


B) Why does a NAT drop inbound ICMP Error messages which do not belong to an existing NAT
   session?

    The NAT SHOULD silently drop the ICMP Error packet, because the NAT device does not have an active mapping for the embedded packet.     (e.g. most of the time these ICMP Error messages are used as malicious attacks)
    
C) What does a NAT do with outbound ICMP Error messages which do belong to an existing NAT
   session, and why?

    Then the NAT device MUST use the matching NAT Session to translate the embedden packet; which consists of the following:
        -- Revert the IP and transport headers of the embedded IP
           packet to their original form, using the matching mapping;
           and

        -- Leave the ICMP Error type and code unchanged; and

        -- If the NAT enforces Basic NAT function [NAT-TRAD], and the
           NAT has active mapping for the IP address that sent the
           ICMP Error, translate the source IP address of the ICMP
           Error packet with the public IP address in the mapping. In
           all other cases, translate the source IP address of the
           ICMP Error packet with its own public IP address.

D) Why does a NAT drop outbound ICMP Error messages which do not belong to an existing NAT
   session?

     The NAT SHOULD silently drop the ICMP Error packet, because the NAT device does not have an active mapping for the embedded packet.      (e.g. most of the time these ICMP Error messages are used as malicious attacks)

e) Some possible security concerns: 

-- A malicious host could overflow the NAT device with a enormous amount of ICMP Error messages. In case, the authenticity of these ICMP error message is not certified by the NAT then the bogus ICMP Errors messages will be forwarded to the end host. To mitigate this, before forwarding the ICMP checksum and IP checksum must be validated. These validations will prevent the end hosts from malicious ICMP error messages. 

-- A bogus source might send malignant ICMP Error Messages for the active sessions of NAT. The purpose would be to crush these sessions. According to Req-6, this attack can be mitigated by guaranteeing that the ICMP error message does not refresh or delete the NAT session.  

-- Admins may decide not send ICMP error messages from the NAT device. This may serve as a confirmation to the attacker that the attack went through. As a consequence, the decision to send specific ICMP Error messages is left to the admins of NAT. 
